well oh hello folks it's time four
wheelers stupid now for number seven in
our series on the facebook traffic let
er rip sweetie it's polygamy or multiple
wives much of what we said in our prior
episode on levirate marriage also
applies here so there's really only one
question to ask our funding a theist
let's do that by the Atheist apart from
reasons mentioned in Prior vids why
might a king or political figure like
David or Solomon obtain multiple wives
well being sex-crazed hasn't been the
answer so far maybe it is this time
ah oh well another flubber actually the
answer is that multiple wives are often
obtained for the sake of achievement
political alliances which helped ensure
the stability of the society so does
that have any application today maybe if
any of you happen to be tribal leaders
in an unstable social setting see you
next time on oh hey folks just one last
note before we go we still have one more
block from that Facebook graphic which
we haven't considered but the issues in
it are rather more complex than we'd
like to handle in this series so we'll
be devoting more time to those topics in
a different set of videos see you around